Ma Xiaoguang, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, made it clear that Xiao Meiqin has frequently spread some very irresponsible remarks recently, which eventually prompted personnel from the United States to visit the treasure island. chess pieces. In fact, such behavior is no different from lackeys and traitors. Such a person will definitely not end well, and will inevitably be liquidated by history. Seeing this, many children's shoes also have a series of question marks about who Xiao Meiqin is. I was like this at first, but one thing is clear is that this person is a stubborn Taiwan independence element, and Tsai Ing-wen is on the same level as a raccoon dog.
Who is Xiao Meiqin?
What kind of person is Xiao Meiqin, why does she work so hard to do these things, which are so detrimental to the nation, and willing to nail herself to the pillar of shame in history? Xiao Meiqin was born in Kobe, Japan in August 1971. Her father is from Tainan County, Taiwan, and her mother is an authentic American. She herself is what we commonly call a Chinese-American hybrid. Born in Japan, she grew up in Tainan, Taiwan. After graduating from junior high school, she moved to the United States with her parents. She received a bachelor's degree in East Asian studies from Oberlin University in 1993 and a master's degree in political science from Columbia University in 1995. It can be said that she has never experienced any education in China since she was a child. She has long been brainwashed into what Americans want, without any sense of national honor.

There are constant scandals with Chen Shui-bian
In 1999, Xiao Meiqin was recruited into Chen Shui-bian's campaign headquarters as the director of the "International Affairs Department" and the deputy head of the youth campaign. She gained Chen Shui-bian's trust by virtue of her diplomatic skills and her good looks. After Chen Shui-bian came to power, Xiao Meiqin became Chen's personal translator. In November 2000, Taiwan's "New News" reported that Lu Xiulian told the Taiwan media about the "Presidential Palace" scandal, suggesting that Chen Shui-bian and Xiao Meiqin had an ambiguous relationship. The incident caused an uproar in the island's political arena. Subsequently, many media broke the news about the relationship between the two, and at this time, Xiao Meiqin resigned.
Tsai Ing-wen and Tsai Ing-wen are best friends and smell the same
In Taiwan, Xiao Meiqin and Tsai Ing-wen have always had a good friendship. Both of them have a background of studying abroad, and they are both famous cat lovers, so the interaction is quite good.
