Although the US White House and the military have repeatedly argued that Pelosi's visit to Taiwan is her personal behavior and will not substantially change the US policy towards Taiwan, but during Pelosi's visit to Taiwan, the US military sent the aircraft carrier to Taiwan In the eastern seas, this is obviously a cheer for Pelosi. The "two-faced man" of the United States is well-known all over the world. It pretends to admit that Taiwan is part of the People's Republic of China. Taiwan made China". However, the Chinese people have always believed that Taiwan is an inalienable part of China's territory, and we have the determination and ability to complete China's complete reunification and realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.

There are many reasons why Pelosi insisted on visiting Taiwan. The biggest plot is probably to overturn the situation in the Taiwan Strait, intensify the internal contradictions between Taiwan and the mainland, and delusionally imagine a civil war in China's military reunification, so that the United States can reap the benefits of fishermen. Second, the U.S. economy is weak, with negative growth this year, and economic recession is a foregone conclusion. By suppressing China, reshaping the hegemonic authority of U.S. imperialism, harvesting the world to restore blood to itself. Third, successive U.S. administrations have used their tough stance toward China to gain public support. The 82-year-old Pelosi is expected to retire in the fall. Pelosi's visit to Taiwan this time, in addition to making enough political stunts for the road to retirement, Pelosi and Biden belong to the US Democratic Party, and Biden's recent polls dropped to 31 The historical low of %, Pelosi, as Biden's "little fan sister", is even more "dedicated to death".

However, Pelosi's visit to Taiwan may be more of a personal political farce.
In the United States, the Pelosi family is embroiled in an insider trading scandal. The 82-year-old American businessman Paul Pelosi, the husband of Nancy Pelosi, is nicknamed the "Capitol Hill God" because every investment he made was accurate and timely before the good news of the relevant industry was released by the House of Representatives. Former US President Trump said in a public statement on July 23 that Pelosi's husband, Paul Pelosi, was "making a fortune in stocks from the inside information she got to be worth over 100 million".
On July 28, Fisher, the former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, said that the Pelosi and his wife appeared to have used "insider trading" to make huge profits. In 2020, Paul Pelosi made about $30 million from deals involving big tech companies overseen by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Last year, when Pelosi was asked whether members of Congress and their families could participate in stock trading, she shamelessly said: "We are a free market economy, and they should be able to participate," which immediately led many members of Congress to criticize her sharp accusation. Pelosi's visit to Taiwan is obviously to divert attention from all walks of life in the United States.

Pelosi has always portrayed herself as a female political icon, forcibly meeting another female leader, Tsai Ing-wen, with potentially serious consequences, portraying herself as a person who defies patriarchal politics and refuses to be bullied as a feminist image. However, on August 4th, 94-year-old Mrs. Lee Young-soo, a victim of the "comfort women" of the Japanese army, waited for Pelosi to appear in front of the South Korean Parliament building. The old lady probably heard that Pelosi was speaking out against "banning women" in the United States. Regarding the Abortion Rights Act, Pelosi believes that Pelosi attaches great importance to women's rights and hopes that Pelosi can use her identity to help the victims of "comfort women" in South Korea to defend their rights. As a result, she was violently stopped by more than a dozen guards and was pushed down and injured. be hospitalized.

For now, even if Pelosi is riddled with scandals, she is trying her best to sing a big show for her political career. As for how the Taiwan Strait issue ends, she probably won't care at all.
