Lately, Pelosi has a lot on her mind:

First, her son was caught up in an FBI investigation scandal.

Second, her husband, suspected of insider trading stock, became the target of public criticism.

Third, and most important, is her job as speaker of the House of Representatives -- the latest polls show that more than half of Americans now view her unfavorably.

Pelosi certainly won't await her doom.

Not to mention, Ms. Pelosi announced in January that she would run for the House again.

Hyping up the Taiwan issue will "leave a mark" on Pelosi's political career, even if it does not benefit her continuation in politics.

That is what politician Pelosi thinks.

Americans accurately assess her -- she has always been Nancy Alejandro, not Nancy Pelosi. Pelosi, just her husband's last name.

Who is Nancy Alessandro? A wife who's been in politics for 30 years made her family worth over $100 million?

Ms. Pelosi's father was a Congressman.

She used to write down the names of anyone who asked for help from the Pelosi family, and when the election came, she could ask them to vote for her father.

In interviews, Ms. Pelosi said that she was taught to count early in her family -- so she could count votes.

By rights, Ms. Pelosi should have entered politics as soon as she graduated from college. But a year after graduating, she married Paul Pelosi, a wealthy businessman, and became a housewife.

The trajectory of her life was off. Taking care of her family has become the focus of her life. Her biographer, Susan Page, said that Pelosi is the most power-loving person she has ever covered.


Ambitious but tied down by family, Pelosi will have to wait.

It wasn't until 24 years later that Ms. Pelosi got her chance -- in 1987, Representative Sarah Burton, a family friend, announced on her deathbed that she wanted Ms. Pelosi to "inherit" her seat. Nancy Pelosi "accepted" Sarah Burton's dying order.

Pelosi was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives on June 2, 1987, at 47.


Ms. Pelosi is an inconspicuous figure among members of Congress.

'I often have dinner with a group of members of Congress, but they never turn around and ask my opinion,' Ms. Pelosi later said in an interview.

Every morning, Ms. Pelosi puts on a suit of "armor," as she puts it, and after breakfast, she goes out to "fight."

It is Congress and its bipartisanship that Ms. Pelosi wants to control.

Pelosi is playing politics for her gain. The Pelosi family vividly illustrates what even the dog swaggers when its master wins favor.

In recent years, Pelosi's husband, Paul Pelosi, has become the focus of the U.S. stock market.

Amazingly, Paul Pelosi's investment vision is always ahead of U.S. government policy.

The Pelosi family bought Tesla stock in December of the previous year.

Shortly after, the federal government "coincidentally" announced that it would replace its 650,000 gas-powered vehicles with electric ones.

The good news, almost exclusively Tesla's, sent Tesla's share price up.

The Pelosi family was making a killing.

Last May, Paul Pelosi invested in Internet giant Amazon.


A short-term boon soon came knocking at Paul's door -- the Pentagon announced in July that it was canceling a $10 billion cloud computing contract that Microsoft had won. Shares of rival Amazon jumped on the news.

Paul Pelosi makes another buck.

By doing so, the Pelosi couple's net worth has reached 100 million.

That, of course, has raised doubts.

Before the Taiwan trip, Pelosi was asked at a press conference whether Paul Pelosi had used her position to trade insider stocks. Pelosi immediately denied it and then walked away in a hurry.

The investigation of her "stock god" husband is just the latest bugbear for Pelosi.

Earlier this year, Pelosi's son, Paul Pelosi Jr., was caught up in the FBI's investigation of corrupt officials in San Francisco.

That is the second recent bugbear for Pelosi. Statusfull mother does make Paul Pelosi Jr respected everywhere.

In late 2006, shortly after Pelosi was first elected speaker of Congress, a data company hired Paul Pelosi Jr. as a vice president at an annual salary of about $180,000, according to media reports.

But Paul Pelosi, Jr., is always giving Pelosi trouble. Paul Pelosi Jr. has been embroiled in scandals multiple times. That, of course, raises questions about Ms. Pelosi.

Of course, Nothing matters on a Pelosi day. But Ms. Pelosi's third worry is that she is losing her job as speaker of the House of Representatives.

Pelosi needs to do something, both in terms of prolonging her political life and preserving her legacy.

When reviewing his political career, ms Pelosi can recognize that she doesn't even have a town of 1000 in management. But still, she went from being a Congressman to being the first female whip in the House of Representatives, then To the first female speaker of the House of Representatives. What she does best is the logic of electoral politics, and what she knows best is hyping issues to serve her campaign.

When trouble caught up with her, Ms. Pelosi chose to pull the trigger on the Taiwan issue again.

However, the US has repeatedly promised that its One-China policy has not changed and will not change and does not support Taiwan's "independence."

A politician, disregarding his credit, the safety of the country, and the interests of Taiwan, repeatedly played politics to achieve his reputation and the interests of the party.

Such speculators will only lead their country astray.

What Ms. Pelosi fails to grasp is that times have changed. 

There is only one outcome of pull the trigger on the Taiwan issue: 

Perish.
